Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was
introduced?

R: Using a diff (or cf from windows command prompt) saved a lot of time from going through
code line by line because it points out differences for you. That way you can skip over code
that hasn't changed.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
programmer in the long term?

R: Having an entire history means not having to stress about different changes and allows you
to test out different ideas and functions without worrying about losing previous work.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like 
you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

R: Having things automatically saved is good because it might save time but some times these 
saves might not be logical. Making manual commits gives you more flexibility and more logical
commits but it requires thought and you can make mistakes.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one 
commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

R: It's probably because each usually deals with certain types of projects. Google Docs usually 
has files that can be standalone where as in programming, there are interrelated files that 
work together.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

R: Using git log will list all commits and their ids and you can use git diff to compare 
different commits using their ids.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break
something?

R: By saving commits, if ever find that I come across a bug in a current commit, I can checkout
previous commits to see if they had the bug as well. Then I can find exactly which commit 
introduced the bug and I can use a git diff to see what changes were made.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using git for?

R: I would like to work on some small projects to develop web apps.